>> Scott Moss: I'm just gonna show
you some more schema stuff, but
not too much, and then you're gonna break
off into an exercise where you're gonna be
developing the schema and the model for
the item resource, and like I said,
it will be test associated with it so
as long as you get those test to pass,
you'll be good, and
these tests are very descriptive.
They literally tell you exactly what you
need to do, so even if you had no clue how
to do this, the test tells you
exactly what it's looking for.
So I'm confident that you'll
be able to figure it out.
So let's do that.
So I'm going to check out to,
>> Scott Moss: Let's stash this.
>> Scott Moss: Start out
with lesson three here.
>> Scott Moss: And
basically, lesson three,
if you've already check out to the lesson
two solution branch, it's the same branch,
there's just, if you go look at
the item model, there's nothing here.
There's a model that's being created,
but the schema has no information on it.
We have to fill some information
into this schema here,
because right now the item schema
has absolutely nothing on it, and
the only way to know what you need to
put in here is if you execute the test.
So if you execute the test,
it'll tell you, it's expecting this field,
this validation, this name, and
you have to fulfill those tests, and
this is where you're going
to be putting it in.
You'll be putting it
here in this schema here.
>> Scott Moss: So just to give you some
examples I'm gonna run the test, and
I'm gonna do one for you.
So if I say yarn and the test command for
this one is going to be npm run
test-models I believe, yes.
>> Scott Moss: Of course
it is going to fail.
You can see this looks like about
six tests that's failing here, and
it's testing for each field name
that's supposed to be on the schema.
So, for instance,
it's saying item model, schema name.
It expected it to have a max length of 50,
required to be true,
trim true, and a type that is string.
So I can satisfy some of that
by just looking at the test.
So if I say, okay,
there must be a name field here.
Its type must be string.
>> Scott Moss: It is required.
It has something called trim: true.
I have no idea what that is, but
that's what it's looking for.
But basically what that is, that's just
saying this is a string, if it has
empty spaces before or after, trim it
just like if you call trim in JavaScript.
You call it .trim in JavaScript,
it'll trim the spaces.
So that's what it's saying there, and
then it has another validation called
maxlength of 50, so it's expecting that.
So that right there
might satisfy that test.
>> Scott Moss: So if we scroll up,
it looks like we got one to pass, and
it should have been that one.
So yeah, that one passed.
So that's the flow that you're gonna
go through to get these fields
in the right way that you need them to be.
So item, like I said, is basically,
it's like a to-do item.
This is like a very basic API for
a to-do app, and
you're just filling out these fields for
Mongo.
So, like I said,
check out to lesson three,
if we look at the readme,
just to go over it one more time.
You're gonna be creating the schemas.
It's on lesson three branch.
The test command is gonna test models,
where there's yarn or NPM, and
the things you're gonna be doing is
you're gonna be creating the schema for
the item resource,
you're gonna add the correct fields, and
this says look at the test here,
you're gonna add the correct validations,
also look at the test, the test
does exactly what we are expecting.
For extra credit, if you know how to use
Mongo, or if you just wanna take the extra
credit and figure out how to do it,
I'll give you a hint if you wanna do it,
add a compound index to ensure all
the tasks in a list have a unique names.
You're looking at me like what
the hell I'm talking about.
That's because I've made it extra credit,
so you don't have to do that.
You should be looking at me like
what am I talking about, cuz that's,
you probably only how to do that if
you've ever used Mongo before, but yeah,
that's basically index.
So we want all the items to have unique
names that belong to a list, so we don't
want it to be unique in the database,
but we want them to be unique per list.
So it's a compound index, it's a little
little trickier to do, and then,
of course, like always, get all the tests
to pass, and if you fulfill all of these,
except the extra credit,
all the tests will pass.
There's no test for the extra credit, so
you don't have to worry
about that one failing.